chore: add dfx canister deposit-cycles to cli reference (#2255)
dfinity/sdk: docs/cli-reference/dfx-canister.md

|-------------------|-------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help`    | Displays usage information.   |
| `-V`, `--version` | Displays version information. |

### Arguments

You can use the following arguments with the `dfx canister deposit-cycles` command.

| Argument        | Description                                                                                                                        |
|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `--all`         | Deposits the specified amount of cycles into all canisters configured in `dfx.json`. Note that you must specify `--all` or an individual canister name. |
| `canister_name` | Specifies the name of the canister you want to deposit cycles into. Note that you must specify either a canister name or the `--all` option.    |

### Examples

You can use the `dfx canister deposit-cycles` command to add cycles to a specific canister or all canisters.

To add 1T cycles to the canister called `hello`, you can run the following command:

``` bash
dfx canister deposit-cycles 1000000000000 hello
```

> To add 2T cycles to all canister specified in `dfx.json`, you can run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
To add 2T cycles to each individual canister specified in `dfx.json`, you can run the following command:
```

Author: would this clarify things sufficiently?

Reviewer: Yes, it's better
